hey
a
everybody welcome to camping gear tv.com
my bed and I'm Josh and up you're
looking pretty good today Josh thank you
actually this is our special female
camping gear expert Mallory and she's
going to do a couple episodes of this
from time to time going over some more
female related camping products products
that I'm probably never going to get a
chance to truly use or gonna be
knowledgeable on so what's uh what's the
first product we're looking at in this
series all right this is the go girl and
what does this do oh my clearly it's a
little hard to get out of techne but
alright um pretty much any woman who has
gone camping or banan abdur function
porta-potties aren't the most fun thing
in the world they're pretty disgusting
yeah so this handy little tool allows
you to pee like a man hmm and every
woman's dream right right well it's kind
of disgusting um where we are camping
and it's dark out and you don't want to
go find a porta-potty becomes dark and
creepy peeing on your feet is not the
most fun thing in the world so not to
mention most outhouses anyways if you
have that option or just disgusting yeah
not very clean and bugs and all sorts of
nastiness out there so what is this is
this out of is it's like a hard plastic
a soft plastic plastic e not really
silicon but rubbery this rubbery it's
washed don't worry so it's not too is it
you know is it comfortable uncomfortable
it's probable you don't stick it up
anywhere all right I mean basically
standing up yeah that's what we wanted
to see the money the money shot um I did
find out after a couple times that you
need to kind of put it back because I
peed all over my hand oh you know ping
on your footing on your hand both of
pretty bad all right well some of our
some of our viewers like that sort of
thing though right so boys right but the
other ones if you don't repeat on
yourself exact feelings to keep the
advice for somebody so so this thing you
know just because it's solved I guess
you can fold
back up and put it in the pan get back
in there but I mean it's not going to
fit perfectly just because it's kind of
like a you know the material is not like
smooth and it is smooth but does it go
bad can quite as well right but you know
keep it clean but if you're you're
camping or you know just wash it out of
your head / / it out I would definitely
keep this in in my supplies right
separate and plastic right away from
right away from that image so but yeah
this looks like a good thing for women a
second option to paying in outhouses and
right and going the only drawback I did
see a little bit um I know a couple of
the reviews the holes out Merriman um I
don't know if maybe it could have been
from dawn but like a little bigger but
if you've got a really strenuous you
didn't go on your strength yeah thing
going I don't know if it will back up I
mean that's not very big especially if
you've been on a float trip all day
really so many beers well I'll read a
couple reviews but oh and all a lot of
stuff that was talked about on the
internet of this product people I guess
or actually the ones who use it really
like it a ton just because you know it's
for a bunch of women who do not want to
sit on nasty outhouse toilets and what
to be able to pee so we got two reviews
here one from Mary Saint Lucas in
California she says no worry about
spiders and how the house is now you
have to go real bad you have to sort of
pace-it what you're talking about so it
doesn't back up an overflow because it
doesn't look like there's a large amount
of area for its size rattle and then a
male revue William F bomb a junior okay
this is junior not the senior from south
bloomington illinois said he got this
for the woman in his life now I doesn't
have to hear about how bad the toilet
was so you know a lot of people are
using this is a looks like it's a better
option to you know having to do the
outhouse rat and stuff like that so I
can't open it yeah no no Cooper this is
just for the number
crowd I won't have to take a look at
another product I gets to find with
what's due to for the number two so but
overall work it generally works pretty
good I like it it's a much better
alternative than the outhouses in the
porta-potties which how much how much
was this product it gets 12 yeah twelve
dollars so that's not bad i mean
certainly it's a small enough amount of
money where you can part with it for a
little extra comfort on your trip so
course will provide some links and
that's our episode for today keep an app
for mallory should be back in some
future episodes for now I'm Ben cheese
Josh this is camping gear TV com see you
later